Little girl clothes
Save my daughter! Little girl, go, go, go!
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come Come, come, come
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
Please save my daughter
My daughter is dying
The poor man's daughter will die if she dies
Hurry up and take your wife's son with you
Wouldn't she be alive if she didn't bring those?
There is no distinction between high and low in life.
If you are just meeting someone today,
Don't think about staying in this Tianhai anymore.
If something happens, I'll let you live longer